c:\users\ricow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NerdyBot\NerdyBot\bin\Debug\NerdyBot.exe.config
c:\users\ricow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NerdyBot\NerdyBot\obj\Debug\NerdyBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ricow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NerdyBot\NerdyBot\bin\Debug\NerdyBot.exe
c:\users\ricow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NerdyBot\NerdyBot\bin\Debug\NerdyBot.pdb
c:\users\ricow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NerdyBot\NerdyBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
c:\users\ricow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NerdyBot\NerdyBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
c:\users\ricow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NerdyBot\NerdyBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ricow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NerdyBot\NerdyBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\ricow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NerdyBot\NerdyBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
c:\users\ricow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NerdyBot\NerdyBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
c:\users\ricow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NerdyBot\NerdyBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\ricow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NerdyBot\NerdyBot\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\ricow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NerdyBot\NerdyBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ricow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NerdyBot\NerdyBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
c:\users\ricow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NerdyBot\NerdyBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
c:\users\ricow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NerdyBot\NerdyBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
c:\users\ricow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NerdyBot\NerdyBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\ricow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NerdyBot\NerdyBot\obj\Debug\NerdyBot.exe
c:\users\ricow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NerdyBot\NerdyBot\obj\Debug\NerdyBot.pdb
c:\users\ricow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NerdyBot\NerdyBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Audio.dll
c:\users\ricow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NerdyBot\NerdyBot\bin\Debug\NAudio.dll
c:\users\ricow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NerdyBot\NerdyBot\bin\Debug\NAudio.xml
C:\Users\ricow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NerdyBot\NerdyBot\bin\Debug\cfg.json
C:\Users\ricow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NerdyBot\NerdyBot\bin\Debug\tag.json
